IMP (Flask example) - [AIR-229] Flask framework: example app and inst… (#189)
airbrake/pybrake: examples/flask/README.md

# Flask Sample Application for Pybrake

## About the application:

The example application provides three GET endpoints:

1. `/date` - returns server date and time. 
2. `/locations` - returns list of available locations. 
3. `/weather/{locationName}` - returns the weather details for the locations.

## Steps to run the API:

1. Install the dependencies for the application

```bash

> pip3 install -r requirements.txt

Reviewer: Why do we require `pip3` instead of `pip`? My impression was that we'd want `pip`, since that's the default command.

Author: `pip3` and `pip` both are same command. If python v2 and v3 both install in system at that time pip3 refers to v3. But as v2 is totally deprecated. I'll replace it with `pip`.

```

> 2. You must get both project_id & project_key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You must get both `project_id` & `project_key`.
```

To find your project_id and project_key from Airbrake account and replace it in below code in your project's `server.py` file.

```python
app.config["PYBRAKE"] = dict(
    project_id="XXXXXXXXXXXX",
    project_key="XXXXXXXXXXXX",
    environment="test",
    error_notifications=True,  # False to disable error notification
    performance_stats=True,  # False to disable APM
    query_stats=True,  # False to disable query monitoring
    queue_stats=True  # False to disable queue monitoring
)
```

3. Run the localhost server

```bash

> python3 server.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python server.py
```

Reviewer: When I run this, I get:

```
% python3 server.py
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/Users/kyrylosilin/Code/airbrake/pybrake/examples/flask/server.py", line 9, in <module>
    from pybrake.middleware.flask import init_app
ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'pybrake.middleware'
```

Author: It's fixed

```

3. To retrieve the responses, append the endpoints to the localhost URL.

Use the below curl commands to interact with the endpoints.

```bash
curl "http://localhost:3000/date" 
curl "http://localhost:3000/locations"
curl "http://localhost:3000/weather/<austin/pune/santabarbara>"
curl "http://localhost:3000/weather"

> curl "http://localhost:3000/weather/Ahmedabad"

Reviewer: The Django example uses `washington`. Let's stick to one name (whichever you prefer), so that our example apps look consistent.

```

The second last curl command will raise `404 Not Found` error.

> The last curl command will raise `400 Location not found!` error.

Reviewer: Let's mention the specific commands. This section will get out of sync if we edit the list of commands. Most likely, nobody will notice that.

# Flask Sample Application for Pybrake

## About the application:

The example application provides three GET endpoints:

1. `/date` - returns server date and time. 
2. `/locations` - returns list of available locations. 
3. `/weather/{locationName}` - returns the weather details for the locations.

## Steps to run the API:

1. Install the dependencies for the application

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
2. You must get both `project_id` & `project_key`.

> To find your project_id and project_key from Airbrake account and replace it in below code in your project's `server.py` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find your `project_id` and `project_key` from your Airbrake account and replace them in the below code in your project's `server.py` file.
```

```python
app.config["PYBRAKE"] = dict(
    project_id="XXXXXXXXXXXX",
    project_key="XXXXXXXXXXXX",
    environment="test",
    performance_stats=True,  # False to disable APM
)
```

3. Run the localhost server

```bash
python server.py
```

3. To retrieve the responses, append the endpoints to the localhost URL.

Use the below curl commands to interact with the endpoints.

```bash
curl "http://localhost:3000/date" 
curl "http://localhost:3000/locations"
curl "http://localhost:3000/weather/<austin/pune/santabarbara>"
```

The below curl command will raise `404 Not Found` error.

```bash

> curl "http://localhost:3000/weather"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -I "http://localhost:3000/weather"
```

```

The below curl command will raise `500 Internal server error` error.

```bash
# Should produce an intentional HTTP 500 error and report the error to Airbrake (since `washington` is in the supported cities list but there is no data for `washington`, an `if` condition is bypassed and the `data` variable is used but not initialized)

> curl "http://localhost:3000/weather/washington"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -I "http://localhost:3000/weather/washington"
```

Use the below curl commands to interact with the endpoints.

```bash
curl -I "http://localhost:3000/date" 
curl -I "http://localhost:3000/locations"

> curl -I "http://localhost:3000/weather/<austin/pune/santabarbara>"

Author: PTAL
